see that guy that's me my excuse for
looking like this I'm a writer
Eddie maybe it's time to let the writing
go but just in case you think nothing
ever happened to me Eddie Mora hey Tim
about this book well I'm I should be
right now huh
not one word well I suppose I can help
you with that you know how they say that
we can only access 20% of our brain just
let you access all of it
they've had clinical trials and it's FDA
approved I just had a curiosity and
that's all I was blind but now I see a
tablet a day and I was limitless I now
had cultural appetites since when do you
speak Italian I finished my book in four
days I'd like to renegotiate my advanced
math became useful from 12,000 to 2.3
million in 10 days I'm baffled by this
guy so Eddie Mora you do know you were
freaking what's your secret medication
your powers are a gift from God or
whoever the hell wrote your life script
I'll open up a line of credit for you
you'd be winding a few toys how many of
us ever know what it is to become the
perfect version of ourselves what's the
asking price twelve point five I'll take
it everything I have I want to share
with you what you doing on you think
somebody's watching my brain is skipping
time I had no memory in the last four
days hours are not earned don't kill us
with those powers have you asked
yourself what you're gonna do when you
run out you'll die
[Music]
there's no scenario in which you'd lead
this life
well you don't work for me no scenario I
see every scenario I see 50 scenarios
that's what it does Karl it puts me 50
moves ahead of you
worth the risk what would you do
[Music]